Topic: Develop a product to improve transportation.
Team XYZ: Raghav Sharma and Tanay Narshana
Venue:    Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar, Punjab

After reading Bill Aulet's book on Disciplined Entrepreneurship, I decided to implement the first 5 steps (out of 24) to
develope a prototype with a scalable business model in just 14 hours.

Improvement in transportation is a very broad area, we decided to first of all divide this problem statement into three main
areas:
(1) Safety
(2) Traffic Management
(3) Farmer welfare (Punjab being the agricultural workforce of our country)

We decided to concentrate on people commuting using public transportation as our initial customer persona.
During the first two hours of the competition, we decided to conduct a primary market research by contacting security guards of
our college, as they were regularly using public transportation and were well aware of the regional socio-economical issues.

- While conducting primary market research, it was observed that regional farmers are well off and do not face much problem 
while transporting their produce to nearby market places. So we were left with only problems (1) and (2).

The following issues were observed:
(1) Unfair money demanded by auto rickshaw drivers
(2) Irregular public transportation system
(3) Relentness of auto rickshaw drivers to go to certain places
(4) Lack of car pooling opportunities
(5) Women security
(6) Efficient ticketing system in buses
(*7) Luggage mismanagement
(8) Pollution at toll plazas
(9) Using school busses (which are hardly used after school timings) for public transportation
(10) Public transportation for specially abled
(11) Ride sharing application for people not able to book trains on time
(12) Night vision systems
(13) Checking if driver is attentive enough while driving


Out of these 13 problems, 70% of people in our primary market research believed that luggage mismanagment is a serious issue
and it needed to be solved. Rest of the problems were either less important, or had certain alternatives.

After thoroughly going through this problem, we concluded that this product would be scalable only if we focus our customer 
persona to be of a flight passenger and named our product TrackIt.

* Building the customer persona:
Consider this scenario - You are travelling for an important business meeting via airways, you check in your suitcase, and grab
a quick coffee before heading to your gate for boarding a flight to Bangalore. You reach your destination on time, but find out 
that your baggage is missing. 
Sadly, you are one of the 2.60 crore air travellers who suffer due to mishandled luggage every year.

Solution proposed: 
TrackIt is a device specifically devised for people travelling with an expensive luggage. It is targetted to be a one stop 
solution for people who care about their belongings.

It could be launched in the market in the following two variants:
(1) Basic: For trains and bus travellers
(2) Advanced: For Airoplane travellers

* Expected product price (Asuuming bought in bulk from China):
(1) Basic:
Arduino Uno:        Rs. 150/-
Bluetooth Module:   Rs. 100/-
PCB fabrication:    Rs. 50/-
Total:              Rs. 300/-
Selling Price:      Rs. 499/-
Margin:             40%

(2) Advanced:
Arduino Uno:        Rs. 150/-
Sim module:         Rs. 500/-
PCB fabrication:    Rs. 50/-
Total:              Rs. 700/-
Selling Price:      Rs. 1099/-
Margin:             37%

* Working principle:
The product could be easily placed inside the luggage, as a small box.
(1) Basic Model: We created a mobile application that notified the user whenever strength of bluetooth signal is below a 
certain threshold level. The user could lock and unlock the device manually, reducing the margin of error.
(2) Advanced Model: The user would be able to locate the position of luggage using GPS.

* Expected Market size: (Considering only advanced version)
(Assuming shelf life of this product to be 5 years)

According to world bank, number of unique passengers added each year in the airline industry is 0.5 Billion, out of which
0.65% misplace their luggage. If we consider that only 1% of users buy this product, the total revenue comes out to be:
0.65*0.5*1*1099*10^(-4+9) = Rs. 3.60 crore
With a gross margin of .37*3.60 = 1.33 crore

Note: Kindly note that this product has a HUGE scope of improvement in terms of its working principle, price, and customer 
persona. But given the limited time we had, we were able to show that manufacturing this product could be scalable.
